# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
accelerate==1.8.1
    # via sentence-transformers
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.14
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via starlette
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via aml (pyproject.toml)
certifi==2025.7.9
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
datasets==3.6.0
    # via
    #   aml (pyproject.toml)
    #   evaluate
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   setfit
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
evaluate==0.4.5
    # via setfit
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.116.0
    # via aml (pyproject.toml)
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.33.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   setfit
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via aml (pyproject.toml)
ipython==9.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via aml (pyproject.toml)
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   setfit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   aml (pyproject.toml)
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pillow==11.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
polars==1.31.0
    # via aml (pyproject.toml)
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via datasets
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==310
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   setfit
scipy==1.16.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==5.0.0
    # via
    #   aml (pyproject.toml)
    #   setfit
setfit==1.1.2
    # via aml (pyproject.toml)
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via torch
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via transformers
torch==2.7.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   sentence-transformers
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.53.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   setfit
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via aml (pyproject.toml)
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
